---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: My First Blog Post
category: Misc
tags: [ 'Welcome', 'First', 'About Me' ]
---
<p> Hello internet! My name is Tanner Brunscheon and I am an engineering student at the University of Iowa,
home of the Hawkeyes. I thought I would take this first blog to introduce myself.</p>
<p> I grew up in a small town just north of Waterloo, Iowa called Readlyn Iowa. Its a small town of 800 people
at maximum and it holds most of my family. My dad grew up in Readlyn. He is currently the CEO of the largest company
in the town, Readlyn Farmers Coop. My mother is originally from a small town north of Minneapolis Minnesota, the
Little Falls area. She currently works in accounting. I have 2 brothers much older than me. From them I have 2 nephews
and 3 nieces. I also have one sister at Wapsie Valley High School in Fairbank, Iowa, of which I am an alumni.</p>
<p>I would say my passions in life are
<ol>
    <li>My Family</li>
    <li>My Friends</li>
    <li>Programming</li>
    <li>Sports</li>
    <li>Stories</li>
</ol></p>

<p>The first 2 are obvious. The 3rd is my passion in hobbies and what I want to do every day. It is the
most satisfying thing in the world to me to see my code being useful and saying hell yeah! I made that shit! The fourth
has always been a passion of mine. As for the fifth, I would never ever pass up a weird and entertaining story.</p>

<p> I would say my goal in life is dreaming large. I see myself moving from place to place, hopping from thing to
just to show myself I can do it. Honestly, my goal in life is to be able to go back to my small town and be inspiring to
the kids that feel trapped. When I was young, I always felt like like could be more. I feel like I can make a difference
in the world and it would be such a shame if I didnt try. A true crime to all of humanity would be if Bach or Albert Einstein
didnt even try. I would love to inspire just one person because if humanity loses out on them it sucks for all of us.</p>

<p>Thank you for checking out my blog!</p>